Sophie, what's wrong?
I think I already failed the interview.
Hey, relax, beautiful.
It hasn't even started yet.
No, I'm gonna go get the other candidate, and then we'll begin.
Give me a smile.
Great.
Come here, sexy.
Marcus, are you sure that I'm going to be selected to be the assistant to the president?
Of course, baby.
You know I got everything under control.
And after that, I'll get rid of him, and I'll be the president of Fuji Crew.
And what will that make me?
Future wife to the president?
Good luck. Not that you'll need it.
All right, there she is.
Hannah, I would like to introduce you to Sophie Steele.
She will also be interviewing today.
Follow me.
You don't stand a chance.